equilateral trapezoid isosceles
tetrahedron I have never seen a mind
like the one your daughter has you have
to see what she becomes Katherine we all
go end up unemployed riding around in
this pile of junk you're welcome to walk
the 16 months I'll sit in the back of
the bus you have identification um we
just don't know where to work at NASA
sir I had no idea they heard quite a few
women working in the space program you
know we're doing here we're putting a
human on top of a missile shooting into
space and it's never been done before
I need a mathematician it could look
beyond the numbers math if it doesn't
yet exist before the Russians plant a
flag from the damn moment you have
someone running plans catheter the gal
for that she can handle any numbers you
put in front don't embarrass me this was
an empty last night sorry I'm not that
Colonel Jam is a tall glass of water
he's coming over now why would he be
doing that Cal's lair is waving it Oh
Dorothy slice' path I love what you
already have a smile behind your
computer at nest and let women handle
that sorted yes yes you're that women do
some things at NASA mr. Johnson and it's
not because we asked
because we wait glasses we go from being
our father's daughters to our husbands
wives to our babies mothers every live
for 300 now with Mama gone for 12 and
1/2 days no but it felt like that don't
like it too me too
it's crunch time in 14 days astronauts
will be here for training everything we
do can matter to their wives to their
children I believe is gonna matter to
the whole damn country my gals are ready
we can do the work that's John Glenn
what are you ladies do for NASA
calculate your Mountain landing sir
engineer and I'm proud to be able to be
working with you how could you possibly
be uh Glenn these white men it's equal
rights I have no right to see fine and
if there's no protocol for women
attending there's no protocol for man
circling the Earth either sir every time
we have a chance to get ahead they move
the finish line every time we all get
there together we don't get there at all
that's good to know NASA and giving up
on good old-fashioned brainpower
let me ask you if you were white mane
would you wish to be an engineer I
wouldn't have to I'd already be one
don't you know that wherever